Hahahaha
What can you hide?
Are you going to tell me
Does the Tianmen boss listen to you?
Yes, of course you have to get used to it.
You rubbish, you don't have much money
It's a lot to brag
Any item here
You can never afford it.
So, what about these?
They are all gifts from everyone to our Lin family.
Congratulations to your Lin family
What they want to send is the me behind your Lin family.
If I hadn't supported them behind your Lin family
Why send it to you?
Where did you get it, boy?
Do we still need the Eight Fairies?
Get this arrogant trash out
The Dragon Gate Banquet is also a waste like him
Is there a place to go wild?
Boy, get out of here
You have no money, no power, you are looking for death by pretending to be here
Shameful dog stuff
Anyone here can kill you
My Lin family is not qualified
But they flattered
It is the 36th Courtyard of Tianmen Temple Hall behind my Lin family.
What does this have to do with you?
What does it have to do with me?
Because this Heaven Gate was founded by me
Thirty-six Courtyard of Tianmen Temple
Everyone up and down obeys my orders